Hi, I'm Veronica and I'm a
security engineer at Google.
My journey into
cybersecurity has
changed my life for the
better in so many ways.
The most important part
is fulfilling work.
I get to do something
that I absolutely
love and that I'm
super interested in,
and I feel very lucky
that this is what I
get to do for work.
Before I entered
my current field,
I had no idea what
cybersecurity was.
My knowledge of cybersecurity
was using secure passwords,
and that was about it.
So if you asked me, you know, would I be in
cybersecurity five years ago?
I would've said, what is that?
Someone without a
technical background
can 100% be
successful in cybersecurity.
My path to my current
role in cybersecurity
started as an IT resident
here at Google
staff in Techstop.
I learned a lot of
analytical thinking skills,
working on a help desk,
troubleshooting, debugging.
I didn't realize I had
transferable skills
until I got into my
role in cybersecurity.
And from there, I took
it upon myself
to bug a bunch of
security engineers,
interviewed a lot of them.
I didn't get here alone.
It took a village of
mentors to get me here,
so don't be afraid
to ask for help.
I don't think someone needs
a college degree to go
into cybersecurity.
Some of the brightest minds
that I get to work with
don't have a college degree,
so I think that's one
of the best parts
about the industry.
Looking back at my career,
I wish I would
have known that I don't have
to check all the boxes,
that I don't have
to be an expert in
the area to shoot my shot,
and I also wish I
would've known that
perfectionism can get in the way
of what you want to achieve.